docs: fix typos and grammar (#2764)
unocss/unocss: docs/presets/uno.md

## Options

::: info

> This preset options are inherited from [`@unocss/preset-mini`](/presets/mini#options).

Author: Alternatively:
`This preset's options`

> These preset options are inherited from [`@unocss/preset-mini`](/presets/mini#options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This preset's options are inherited from [`@unocss/preset-mini`](/presets/mini#options).
```
